I don't think we could predict the effects of eliminating them en mass.
I don't think we could predict the effects of eliminating them en masse.

There could plausibly be less-intelligent brains with some lower probability per unit time; at the sme time they have some probability of mutating into the smarter human configuration.
There could plausibly be less-intelligent brains with some lower probability per unit time; at the same time they have some probability of mutating into the smarter human configuration.

My collegues shock their heads and I knew then that I nailed it
My colleagues shook their heads and I knew then that I nailed it

'The Wardrobe'. A database for clothing. Depending on wheather, mood, occassion etc it outputs the perfect combination for the day.
'The Wardrobe'. A database for clothing. Depending on weather, mood, occasion etc it outputs the perfect combination for the day.

Oh yes, forgot to mention the Dancing Steve Jobs that can be run in iTunes as an visualizer.
Oh yes, forgot to mention the Dancing Steve Jobs that can be run in iTunes as a visualizer.

As a project in College I had written a game in VB that read in student marks, adjusted the speed of a the avatar representing them, then forced them to race from one end of the screen to the other.
As a project in College I had written a game in VB that read in student marks, adjusted the speed of the avatar representing them, then forced them to race from one end of the screen to the other.

Full assembly system which complied the "assembly" code into machine code which could then be executed by an emulated computer.
Full assembly system which compiled the "assembly" code into machine code which could then be executed by an emulated computer.

The in VBA code I calculated the bailout value and color for each cell and changed the cell background color.
Then in VBA code I calculated the bailout value and color for each cell and changed the cell background color.

A protection scheme where the password was actual a string of bytes that got casted to a function pointer that would allow access.
A protection scheme where the password was actually a string of bytes that got cast to a function pointer that would allow access.

I once wrote a little "name generator" program in Microsoft Basic for the Dragon computer which randomly put together (theoretically) pronouncable syllables, thus creating names.
I once wrote a little "name generator" program in Microsoft Basic for the Dragon computer which randomly put together (theoretically) pronounceable syllables, thus creating names.

Every now and then I revist the code and have been 'tweaking' this little toy ever since.
Every now and then I revisit the code and have been 'tweaking' this little toy ever since.

I think one of the major handicaps for any new language is the sheer nulber of libraries the encumbant languages have.
I think one of the major handicaps for any new language is the sheer number of libraries the incumbent languages have.

in PERL this just involves glueing three libraries together with some simple code
in PERL this just involves gluing three libraries together with some simple code

